Running a lawn care business can become very exhausting. Maintaining up-to-date contact information, schedules, a job
history and accounting data all in one central and common place is very difficult, and it gets even more challenging as
the size of your business grows.  There are many options to recording all of this data. I have tried bringing notebooks on
the job and writing down the information as I go from place to place. The physical toll on these paper notebooks 
eventually adds up from the dirt, sweat, and tossing around, and your notebooks often end up unreadable. I’ve tried
writing the information down on paper on the job, and then recopying the data into spreadsheets on a computer after the
fact. The redundancy in this process is often annoying, and setting up full-scale spreadsheets to work with your data can
be too challenging in itself.  An attempt at a mobile spreadsheet app was also made, but trying to tap tiny cells on a
small screen while you’re on the go is near impossible.  The closest thing I ever got to an adequately useful system was a
mobile app designed to track bank accounts, or, for me, client accounts. It allowed for dated entries of “money 
transactions,” which I of course used to represent job instances.  Even still, there was an obvious feature gap between
what this app provided and what was ideal and useful for my needs. There is definitely opportunity for a fully functioning
app that directly addresses these issues in an efficient manner. 

User Story 1: If the user chooses to view the "Client List", a view opens displaying the list of all clients on record, 
possibly grouped into subcategories according to settings pre-defined by the user.

User Story 2: If the user chooses to add a new account/client, a view opens allowing them to enter account information 
like name, address, phone number, email, recurring job price, period of recurrence (in-season and off-season)

User Story 3: If the user chooses to edit the information of an account, a view opens allowing them to change any of the 
data associated with an account.

User Story 4: If the user chooses to add a job instance, a view opens allowing them to fill in the data associated with 
a job. This data includes: (1) client account, (2) job name, (3) job description, (4) date, (5) price of job (can select 
either the recurring price associated with account or a custom price), (6) payment received from client (0 by default, 
any amount here would be added to the balance on the client’s account

User Story 5: If the user chooses to add a payment entry, a view opens allowing them to fill in the associated data: 
(1) client for which payment was received, (2) date payment was received, (3) previous balance (displayed from account 
data, not editable), (4) amount received

User Story 6: If the user chooses to view the business summary, a view opens that displays their general business 
statistics. This can include things such as today’s income, this week’s income, this month’s income, this year’s income, 
and average income for each of those over all time
